---
layout: page
permalink: /privacy/
order: 20
---

# Privacy Policy

Encourage Marketing collects a minimal amount of personal information from our users of our application in the regular course of doing business.  This page answers some of your most frequently asked questions, and lets you know exactly how we're protecting the information you entrust to us.

## What personal information do you collect about me?

Our application allows you to enter the following personal information:

- Name
- E-mail Address
- Pet Demographics
- Photographs

None of this information is ever stored or transmitted to Encourage Marketing.  It may be, at your discretion, e-mailed to your veterinary clinic from your own e-mail account with the assistance of the veterinary clinic app.  In this event, your veterinary clinic will receive this personal information, and their privacy policies and data collection policies may apply to your personal information.

Our application also collects a minimal amount of tracking information in order to enable us to send push notifications to your phone, at the whim of the veterinary clinic.  In order to perform this, we collect an opaque push notification token generated by Apple or Google.  In the course of setting up push notifications, your phone's IP address, and the type of operating system and phone, will be transmitted to Encourage Marketing and will be stored for diagnostic and analytical purposes.

When you visit our web site, we also collect:

- information about your computer, including your IP address, the type of operating system and browser you use
- what pages you visit on our site and what links you click on

## How do you use this information?

The main reasons we collect personal information from you is to enable you to perform appointment requests and interactions with your veterinary clinic.

Other reasons for personal information collection include: to enable technical capabilities such as push notifications, and to enable high-level analytical tracking such as the number of users of our applications.

## If I have more questions, who can I contact?

Please contact [support@encouragemarketing.com](mailto:support@encouragemarketing.com) with any additional questions.  We will respond as quickly as we can.
